{
    "aliases": [
        "/html/international/student/1209.html"
    ],
    "categories": [
        "\u56fd\u9645\u8bfe\u7a0b"
    ],
    "contributors": [],
    "date": "2014-06-05T00:00:00+08:00",
    "isCJKLanguage": true,
    "params": {
        "author": "\u56fd\u9645\u90e8"
    },
    "slug": "1209",
    "tags": [
        "\u5b66\u751f\u5929\u5730"
    ],
    "title": "AP and I                             \u5f90\u5146\u5b87 Tiger X",
    "toc": true
}

“People compare cost and
benefit when making a choice.” Mr. Cooper is teaching us the Economic
Reasoning. In fact, not only the economics, but the life in AP center is facing
multiple choices as well.




In the first two months, it
was relaxing. The lesson was easy and we didn’t have much homework to do. We
played basketball almost every day and the AP center was considered to be a
paradise for us.




However, everything changed
a lot when November came. We began to know the real meaning of AP. At the
beginning of the month, an important but difficult mission appeared. Our task
was to create a space station for people to live in and the competition was
held by NASA. Meanwhile, the debate competition was held also in November and
December. As everyone knows, the Christmas is in December too and I was the
emcee. There were so many things to work out and they are up to my neck! It was
the time for me to make a choice. If I entered all the activities, I am afraid
I wouldn’t finish anything well. I am interested in NASA because I knew little
about astronomy before and I extremely wanted to enrich myself. I wanted to
enter debate competition because I knew the American universities are looking
forward to seeing your progress in presentation and debating. I didn’t feel
like giving up the role of emcee because it would also be a wonderful
experience for me. But I had to learn to give up something from immense
struggling. After discussing with my counseling teacher and my parents, I made
a determination to give up the debate. I felt nervous when I faced the
strangers so I hoped I will challenge myself next year.




Speaking of the result, we were invited to India
which means we did a good job even though that was our first time. The
Christmas party was also successful. Mr. Barbee praised me a lot on my speaking
skills. In one word, I get used to the AP life and enjoyed myself.




To be honest, the lessons we are learning aren’t as
difficult as the normal high schools do. However, why do we need to learn the
complicated lessons which won’t be used in the future unless that’s your major?
What’s more, AP brings us more activities such as Halloween party and Christmas
party which other school don’t have. They really developed my ability of
leadership, oral English and so on. 




 I am sure I will grow up enjoyably in such a
comfortable situation. Hopefully, with the help of AP, I can enter a famous
American university and have a bright future!







