{
    "aliases": [
        "/html/international/guide/1464.html"
    ],
    "categories": [
        "\u56fd\u9645\u8bfe\u7a0b"
    ],
    "contributors": [],
    "date": "2015-05-13T00:00:00+08:00",
    "isCJKLanguage": true,
    "params": {
        "author": "\u56fd\u9645\u90e8"
    },
    "slug": "1464",
    "tags": [
        "\u5347\u5b66\u6307\u5bfc"
    ],
    "title": "2015-2016 \u7f8e\u56fd\u5927\u5b66Common App\u6587\u4e66\u9898\u76ee\u65b0\u53d8\u5316",
    "toc": true
}

2015年3月Common App的文书题目公布啦，同学们快来看看下一个申请季文书题目是什么呀？









**2015-2016  Common
Application Essay Prompts**









1.   Some students have a background, identity,
interest, or talent that is so meaningful they believe their application would
be incomplete without it. If this sounds like you, then please share your
story.









2.  The lessons
we take from failure can be fundamental to later success. Recount an
incident or time when you experienced failure. How did it affect you, and what
did you learn from the experience?




 




3.  Reflect on a time when you challenged a belief
or idea.  What prompted you to act? Would you make the same decision
again?




 




4.   Describe a problem you've solved or a problem
you'd like to solve. It can be an intellectual challenge, a research query, an
ethical dilemma-anything that is of personal importance, no matter the scale.
Explain its significance to you and what steps you took or could be taken to
identify a solution.




 




5.   Discuss an accomplishment or event, formal or
informal, that marked your transition from childhood to adulthood within your
culture, community, or family












